To finish, we are going to analyze what Silvia has told us and we are going to relate it
to the segmentation variables that we have learned.
She told us that they have traditionally segmented based on the geography where their
clients live and mainly based on demographic factors such as age, sex and
socio-cultural level, taking into account that the OEB is a luxury product.
They have also incorporated an analysis of profiles, which is the psychographic segmentation,
such as personality, cosmopolitan position, lifestyle, etc.
And all this, all these variables, which are the traditional ones, what they allow us to
know is who our clients are.
But as she said, they are useless because what they are not useful for us is to understand
why they buy us from our clients, which is very valuable, it is very valuable knowledge.
And what is the evolution of all this?
Well, on the one hand, thanks to the internet, thanks to all the interactions on social networks,
etc., we have a lot more information about the clients, therefore we can make a much
greater segmentation, even in the perfume, as Silvia told us, it could be given the total
segmentation, that is, that each person will buy a different perfume adapted to their tastes.
And also, the last thing she told us is that the brands are doing is
overcoming the product-centric approach, stop looking at the navel and start thinking
why they buy from the clients.
This is the last of the segmentations and it is the perspective that we always propose
that all companies incorporate.
Why do they buy from us?
What are they looking for in us?
But look, she even proposed in the perfume sector to go further and what we can do
is not segment by person, that is, this person looks for us to determine the thing, this person
another thing, etc.
No, we can go further and segment each person or analyze them depending on the moments
of their life.
A person can be a traveler because he travels recurrently and spends all the weeks
at an airport and can buy a perfume and also, as he is a husband, every so often he likes
to make a gift.
We are analyzing people based on what they are looking for in us and also based
on what they are looking for in each of the moments of their life.